General Requirements
    ● Each player will have a particular die during the entire game.
    ● Each player will roll their corresponding die (once per round).
    ● The values of the dice will be compared to determine who wins the round. The player
    with the highest value wins the round.
    ● If the values are equal, then there is a tie and tied players wins
    ● The counter of the player who wins a round will be incremented by 1.
    ● The counter will determine who wins the game. The player whose counter reaches the
    set value first wins the game.

Specific Requirements
    ○ Before the human player rolls the die, he/she should be prompted to press any
    key to start the round.
    ● Rolling the dice
        ○ When a player rolls the dice, the result should be a random integer between 1
        and 6 (inclusive).
    ● Messages
        ○ The game should show a descriptive message:
            ■ When the game starts.
            ■ When a new round starts.
            ■ When the game ends. This message should mention who won the game.
        ○ The game should display messages to:
            ■ Show the value of each die after the players roll the dice.
            ■ Mention the winner of the round or if there was a tie.
            ■ Show both counters when a round ends.

Classes:
Die
    ● Each die should have:
        ➤ A value.
    ■ This value should be either None (if the die has not been rolled yet) or a
    random integer between 1 and 6 (inclusive).
    ■ This attribute should not be changed outside the class. The change
    should be handled internally.
    ● Each die should be able to:
            ➤ Roll
    ■ Generate a random integer between 1 and 6 (inclusive) and assign it to
    the value attribute.
Player
    ● Each player should have the following attributes:
        ➤ A Die instance.
        ➤ A counter. The initial value should be 0.
        ➤ A name
    ● Each player should be able to:
        ➤ Increment the value of the counter by 1.
        ➤ Roll the die